README.md, before:

# Search Countries Challenge

## Overview
This applications allows the user to search for a country and get a card(s) with info about that same country, such as language(s), currency and population as example.

## Run project in dev mode
` npm run dev-build `

## Run project in prod mode
` npm run prod-build `

## Important files

### apiController.js
Here is the main brain of the app functionality, here is located the main calls to the BE functions.

### server.js
The BE of the application, here is the main endpoints as well the chained calls in between to get the necessary data.


##  Dependencies
- "cors"
- "dotenv",
- "express",
- "follow-redirects",
- "fs",
- "node-fetch",
- "webpack",
- "webpack-cli",
- "mini-css-extract-plugin"
- "optimize-css-assets-webpack-plugin"
- "terser-webpack-plugin"
    
### Dev Dependencies": 
- "@babel/core"
- "@babel/preset-env"
- "babel-loader"
- "clean-webpack-plugin"
- "css-loader"
- "html-webpack-plugin"
- "jest"
- "jest-cli"
- "node-sass"
- "sass-loader"
- "style-loader"
- "supertest"
- "webpack-dev-server"

Commit message:

update for start the node server

README.md, after:

# Search Countries Challenge

## Overview
This applications allows the user to search for a country and get a card(s) with info about that same country, such as language(s), currency and population as example.

## Run project in dev mode
` npm run dev-build `

## Run project in prod mode
` npm run prod-build `

## Important files

### apiController.js
Here is the main brain of the app functionality, here is located the main calls to the BE functions.

### server.js
It's necessary to start it so the endpoints work, for run it, in root folder goes with this command
` npm run start `
The BE of the application, here is the main endpoints as well the chained calls in between to get the necessary data.


##  Dependencies
- "cors"
- "dotenv",
- "express",
- "follow-redirects",
- "fs",
- "node-fetch",
- "webpack",
- "webpack-cli",
- "mini-css-extract-plugin"
- "optimize-css-assets-webpack-plugin"
- "terser-webpack-plugin"
    
### Dev Dependencies": 
- "@babel/core"
- "@babel/preset-env"
- "babel-loader"
- "clean-webpack-plugin"
- "css-loader"
- "html-webpack-plugin"
- "jest"
- "jest-cli"
- "node-sass"
- "sass-loader"
- "style-loader"
- "supertest"
- "webpack-dev-server"
